This is the MamMark tinyos 2 tree.

MamMark is an advanced low power, sensor array, for monitoring animals and
their environment.  Originally it was designed for marine mammals (mammal
marker, mammark) but is no longer limited to those environments.

The core os is based on TinyOS 2.  Changes to the core for the MM software
load are held on the mm_core branch.

See doc/00_README for installing a complete development environment.  Also
see: (doc directory) 01_Platforms, Notes, Status.txt, and ToDo.


Platform revisions:

mm3:	msp430f1611 (non-production, prototype only)
mm4:	msp430f2618 (non-production, prototype only)
mm5:	msp430f5438a (production and prototype)


Centralized repositories are hosted at github.com.  github:tinyprod/prod
and github:tp-freeforall/prod are downstream stable and development
(respective) versions of the T2 core source.  While github:MamMark/mm hosts
the main body of the MamMark source.  Detail on TinyProd and tp-freeforall
can be found at:

https://github.com/tp-freeforall/prod/blob/msp430-int-pu/01_Repo_Notes

Syntax used for github repositories is: github:<context>/<repo>(<branch>)
github: indicates the repo is hosted at github.com.  <context> indicates
the owner of the repository.  <repo> is the specific repo under <context>.
And <branch> denotes a specific branch inside of that repository.   ie.

    github:tinyprod/prod(master) can be obtained by cloning the url
    git://github.com/tinyprod/prod.git and then checking out the branch
    master.   This would be a read-only reference.   See github for more
    details on how to access github repositories.

github:tinyprod/prod(mm_core) is a T2 core with modifications needed by the
MM application suite.  Prod tracks the mainline T2 SVN trunk.  The branch
mm_core tracks changes to the t2 core needed for the mm software load.

github:MamMark/mm contains the majority of the MM tracking code including
various device drivers for mass storage (SD), GPS, and sensor drivers.

You need working copies of both repos to build code for the mm5 platform.
github:tp-freeforall/prod(mm_core) and github:MamMark/mm(master) are the
repositories needed for the build.  See doc/00_README for instruction on
how to set up a development environment and detailed instructions on
obtaining the source code.


Note: As of 20110722, the mm5 is a work in progress.  We are also
transitioning to the new tinyos 2 msp430 core using the TinyProd (TinyOS
Production) code base.  The mm5 platform is based on this new core.

As of 20110722, the mm4 core (mm_core, T2 svn trunk mods) is based on a
snapshot of the T2 svn trunk maintained in a private git repository hosted
on hinrg (cs.jhu.edu, John Hopkins University).  It is unclear whether the
mm4 platform will be ported (probably, but hasn't been done yet) to the new
msp430 core.
