The Silicon Labs Si446x Sub-gigahertz radios have a wide range of operating
modes and features. This driver is designed to work with the Si4463 and Si4468,
although other devices in the series may work if similar to the Si4463.

The majority of the radio configuration is set through property groups,
consisting of a dozen or so groups containing 4 to 80 bytes of property
bytes. Radio set_property and get_property operations provide the means to
change and read these property settings.

In addition, radio configuration is also found in some other commands
such as the POWER_UP command which contains the crystal frequency or
SET_GPIO_CTL command which determines the radio function assigned to
the its GPIO pins, like CTS, RX, TX, and SLEEP.

Some of the radio configuration is required by this device driver code.
Other configuration is dependent on platform. And finally, the radio
modem configuration is generated by the TI WDS program run separately.
This WDS configuration has some secret sauce on values for the radio
modem properties, but unfortunately the WDS program does not allow
selection of all configuration parameters required by our usage.
Therefore, the process of setting radio properties starts with all
of the WDS provided pstrings followed by any device driver specific
settings. The POWER_ON and SET_GPIO_CTL are handled explicitly earlier
in driver startup.

The configuration is provided as a series of strings that consist of
a length byte followed by the data bytes. This is like Pascal strings,
so it is referred to as a pstring from here on. The WDS program
provides the list of pstrings generated offline. The driver provides
the pstrings it needs to operate properly (for instance which
interrupts to enable or the packet processing for 255 byte packets.

Below is the list of files that are required for configuring the
Si446x radio.


## Required Files

    - mm/tos/chips/si446x/
      - {Si446xConfigDevice.h,si446x.h,si446xRadio.h,si446xWDS_*.h}

    - mm/tos/platform/{dev6a,mm6a}/hardware/si446x/
      - {RadioConfig.h, Si446xConfigPlatform.h}

# Configuration related details:

### In directory tos/chips/si446x

    - Si446xConfigDevice.h (formerly Si446xLocalConfig.h)
      - provides si446x_device_config[]
        - radio configuration pstrings required by this driver

    - Si446xWDS_*.h
      - several alternative radio config files found in this directory
      - each provides an alternate si446x_wds_config[]
        - radio configuration pstrings generated by the WDS program
      - included by tos/platform/hardware/si446x/Si446xConfigWDS.h

    - si446x.h
      - common radio chip low level definitions

    - Si446xCmdP.nc
      - uses config files
        - RadioConfig.h
        - si446x.h
      - provides
        - uint8_t **get_config_lists()
        - const uint8_t *config_list[] = {si446x_wds_config, si446x_device_config, NULL};

    - Si446xRadio.h
      - radio packet format definition


### In directory tos/platforms/{dev6a,mm6a}/hardware/si446x

    - RadioConfig.h
      - includes
        - Si446xConfigWDS.h
        - Si446xConfigPlatform.h
        - Si446xConfigDevice.h
      - used by
        - Si446xDriverLayerC.nc (for TRadio)
        - Si446xCmdP.nc (for radio config pstrings)

    - Si446xConfigPlatform.h
      - radio configuration pstrings required by the platform

    - Si446xConfigWDS.h
      - provides
        - si446x_wds_config[]
      - includes
        - one of the files named tos/chip/si446x/Si446xWDS_*.h
